---
title: Reflective Post Week 13
layout: post
categories:
- Reflective posts
---
Another week, another week of project work. In my head that flowed a lot better ya know like “another week, another dollar” or whatever the saying is. But anyways this week was a good week filled with lots of changes in my personal life but some steadiness in the work of classes. As classes are winding down and there is less work to be done as we just have projects and studying for exams, it is nice to have some sameness in this class. We always have this due on Fridays, a constant. We don’t have readings or work on Wednesday anymore but we do have work for our project, so let me run through what we did this week. 

This week my group started working through feedback we received from our proposal. Dr. Pilsch provided us with soem incredible feedback that is already shaping our project and what we do. After we received the feedback we decided that we should go over it together. To do this we scheduled a zoom call at a time that worked for all of our schedules. Once on the zoom call we began going through the feedback from Dr. Pilsch. We did this by adding it to the google doc we share and have been using throughout this project. We then went through the issues he addressed and the ideas he brought to us. At the end of our meeting we decided it would be helpful to go to office hours with Dr. Pisch and ask him some further questions about his feedback. 

One of our big questions for him was what the best way to create a github page we could all work on was. He gave us some great advice and instructed us on how to do it. Seriously the best thing you can do in this class is go to office hours (shameless plug). Anyways we also got his feedback and ideas on some voting things pertaining to Brazos Valley since he has a little more knowledge of Brazos Valley than we do. This really helped us begin to brainstorm some ideas. 

The thing we are really focusing on now is how we will differentiate our voting site from all the others out there. We have decided to do this mainly in the layout and design of the site. We are going to make it cool and interesting for people our age so that they are drawn to it over other sites. And honestly, I am super excited to see how it turns out and even more excited to hone my design skills for this website. 

My group has been great so far about communication and working together. I am normally not a big fan of group projects or really any type of group work but this is the first time I have actually enjoyed it. Sarah and Selin are truly great. 

I cannot wait to work more on this project and eventually show everyone what we have created and hopefully put the website to good use. 
