---
title: Reflective Blog Post on Where Are My Files?
layout: post
categories:
- Reflective posts
---

This week we learned some more specifics about GitHub and how we have been using it for its pages support as a blogging engine. We dove into specific things that you can do to make it all run smoother on your computer, however, per usual this all went way over my head. 

But, I was finally FINALLY able to make some aesthetic changes to my blog. I played around with it for a while and looked at all the things I could do to change my blog and at the end of the day, I ended up not changing much. I like everything in my life to be simple but beautiful and aesthetically pleasing, and my blog is no different. Early on in the course, I changed the theme of my site to minimal, makes sense right? Well since I like to keep it minimal I did the same thing with my changes and just changed some colors. I simply changed the color from blue to a salmon pinkish color. Then, I changed the color that appears when you hover over the word to be a darker shade of pink/red.

I thought about adding boxes around things or moving things around but everything I did, I just ended up not liking the way it looked because it looked very busy. So after I got the colors changed I really liked the way it looked. I definitely think I could do more or change some things but for now, I’m vibing with the salmon pinkish and minimalism. 

So, now back to talking about what we learned this week. We talked about a lot of things, but the biggest thing I remember talking about is other editors you can use. Dr. Pilsch walked us through how to download different text editors and then how to have your GitHub be connected to it so it is all a much easier and streamlined of a process. But, being straight up it looks absolutely more confusing than simply using GitHub. Maybe that is because I am a creature of habit but it could also be because I simply am just not made to code. Either way, I still love learning new things even if I don’t end up implementing them. 

This week I also got to do my semesterly recap which was a great way to see everyone else’s blogs. I feel like I was able to get a really good view of how everyone is doing in the class and how everyone feels about coding, more specifically CSS. I got to see different perspectives, writing styles, and coding proficiencies as I read through all of the reflective blog posts over style. This has by far been one of my favorite parts of the class because it made me feel more connected to my peers which has been difficult in this virtual world we are now operating in. I look forward to continuing to learn and will for sure be reading my classmate’s blog posts more often than I did before! See ya next week guys! 
