---
title: Hands-on Activity for What is a File? 
layout: post
categories:
- Hands-on Activities
---
Here is the link to my page: https://kmaclin17.github.io/about/me.html

On this page you will first see pictures that I took last summer when I lived in San Clemente, CA. These are by no means all of the pictures that I took but they are some of my favorites! I absolutely love San Clemente and I loved living in California so these pictures just go to represent that because it is a huge part of my life. Here is a rundown of what/where the pictures are: 1st is T-street beach (my favorite beach to go to), 2nd is this little flower shop on the side of the main road in San Clemente, 3rd is a picture of the pier in San Clemente on one of the only rainy days, 4th is a picture from the street I walked on to get to my apartment (just the cutest colorful homes), 5th is a picture from the kitchen/dining area in my apartment, and last a picture I took on my very first day living in California! 

On the page you will also see a video from a cause I care deeply about. This video is from A21 which is a global anti-human trafficking non profit that I have had the pleasure of volunteering for. I volunteered last summer with them in California and I volunteered this summer with them in Texas and am still going! The video is for our Global Freedom Summit that will take place on October 17, so I thought what better way to spread the word than attach the video! Would love to talk about it if you have any questions! 

So that is my about me page, some of the big parts of my life and favorite things! Hope you enjoyed! 
