---
title: Reflective Post Week 14
layout: post
categories:
- Reflective posts
---
Hey hi howdy people!! Fair warning this will be a long, long 500 words as I try and figure out what to write about. So basically, this week I have done no work on the final project because I have 3 other final projects for other classes due Friday/Monday that have taken precedence this week. Hope that’s ok to say but I guess this is my reflection blog post so we’re gonna roll with it (insert laughing crying emoji). I don’t know how to actually put the emoji so for the purposes of this I will be putting that ^. 

While I haven’t done any work for my group’s project, my wonderful teammate Selin has! She took the initiative and made a new repo called final-project. Selin was kind enough to do this while Sarah and I had exam/project weeks. Once Selin made the repo she made me and Sarah contributors. Once all that was done we got an email notification asking us to join the repo! Selin also went to Dr. Pilsch with some questions on starting our website! So truly shoutout Selin this week, she has killed it. Like I said I do have a great group. 

Since I haven’t accomplished much for this class this week, I guess I will talk about what I plan to accomplish this coming week. Next week, I would very much like to start working on the actual big part of this project...the content & website. I think next week after everything I have due Monday I will start working on some content for the website and maybe some design features we can add. Hopefully, before thanksgiving, we can at the very least have the main sections decided so that we can start or finish (wherever we are at) adding content after thanksgiving. 

My biggest fear is that the December 8th deadline will sneak up on me and the group and we won’t have our website perfect like we want. However, I don’t really think that will happen because starting Tuesday this is my main focus to get done besides another exam in another class. I love working with my group, as I have said many times before, for more reasons than one. This week I am thankful for my group because they are on top of the work, always respond, and are just so much better than any other group project I have had this semester and probably all of college. 

Oh me oh my, we made it to the home stretch...the last paragraph...the end of the road. Was totally talking about this reflection blog post, but I guess that also applies to the semester which is just so wild to me. Seeing as this is the last reflection blog post for this class, it is time to get senti. I have loved this class and all it has taught me. I have loved reading the posts from my classmates and seeing how they like the class and what they are learning. I have loved having Dr. Pilsch as a prof because he is so kind and understanding. Well, see you all in a few weeks for the final project and the reflection for that. Can’t wait to see everyone else’s projects and for you to see ours! 
