---
title: Reflective Blog Post on What is Hypertext?
layout: post
categories:
- Reflective posts
---
This week we learned about hypertext, the history of it, and some examples of it. We first read about Wikipedia as hypertext and the wiki rabbit hole. Then we read about twine, a program that makes it simple to create interactive fiction and games. We also got to watch a video on how to create a Twine game and honestly, I’m a big fan. 

For the hands-on activity this week we were tasked with playing a twine game and writing about our experience with it. And honestly, this has been one of my favorite hands-on activities because I just loved the experience with the twine game I played. My whole life I have been a huge reader, especially for fiction, and getting to play a game that was mostly reading just really hit. I played ‘A Tale of Crowns’ and I loved that the game was reading a story where you got to interact and make decisions. It’s basically the best of both worlds for me. I got to read a fictional story where I was the main character making all the decisions. I got to build my character by choosing her hair color, name, height, skin tone, build, and so much more...it truly makes you feel like you are in the game. When I think of an interactive game this wouldn’t be what I think of but something so much better.

I also got a chance to look at the other games as well, although I did not play through them. Each twine game we looked at was so different and so unique. I think the reason for this is because it is modeled by one person and that person gets to spin it and make it whatever they want. For example, ‘depression quest’ is all greys and blacks and just gives you that feeling, whereas ‘space frog’ looks almost like a children’s game or toy. Each game is so different and I really do want to play through all of them or even other twine games. 

Now, on another note let’s talk about Wikipedia as hypertext and those wiki rabbit holes you fall into. I loved how Dr. Pilsch said it in our reading, “Essentially, it is the process of going to Wikipedia to find information on a topic, clicking a link to another article and realizing, often an hour or more later, that you have no idea why you are reading an encyclopedia article about pineapples.” I don’t know about you guys but I have done this so so many times. I think this concept can even extend beyond Wikipedia because I know for a fact I have done this just googling something or on Instagram or even TikTok now. You go to do one thing and end up spending hours and forgot why you even got on in the first place...who can relate? I know I can and I bet you can too. Hahaha well anyways that’s all I have this week, so see you next week! 
