---
title: Hands-on Activity for What is Hypertext? 
layout: post
categories:
- Hands-on Activities
---
I really enjoyed the hands-on activity this week because the twine games are very interesting to me. I kind of clicked through all of them a little bit but ‘A Tale of Crowns’ is the one that seemed most interesting to me so I spent time playing that game. I chose this twine game because after reading the intro’s for all of them this seemed similar to a book I would love to read, little did I know this is actually more like a book and less like a game. I don’t really feel like it was like a traditional game at all because for me when I think about games I think about how there are players you can see and it is interactive in the sense that you can move the players around or something. Essentially I think of a traditional game like something I would play on a DS or PS4 or XBOX or something. I think this twine game is similar because you do get to make decisions but it is different in the sense that you read the story and see what is happening in that way. I think I would say this twine game is more like a traditional short story because it has all the same aspects and I know I spent more time reading than anything else. I think the only difference between this and a traditional short story is the fact that you design your character and get to make decisions. Overall, I actually really enjoyed my experience with the twine game because I love reading and getting to make decisions so it was perfect for me and I can’t wait to play it more and other games! 
