---
title: Reflective Blog Post on What is Style?
layout: post
categories:
- Reflective posts
---
This week we learned about style and boy was I excited when I heard that because web design and making things pretty is my favorite thing! However, I have never worked with CSS (Cascading Style Sheets) before or really any of the things we learned about. In our reading for the week, we looked at how CSS worlds, how to apply it to HTML and markdown, and how to extend built-in styles in Jekyll. Normally, I like to write about how I was able to learn more through our Hands-on activity because I truly am such a do it to learn it type of person. However, I got a chance to go to office hours and get some instruction so I cannot wait to apply what I learned there next week when I finish changing the style of my blog! 

I also like to find articles on the web that essentially dumb down what we learn for me because it just makes it easier! This week, I found this article here about HTML Styles - CSS. This article first talked about the word cascading and that means that a style applied to a parent element will also apply to all children elements within that parent, which we also learned about in our reading. Then the article goes into talking about how you can use CSS inline, internal, and external. That was new to me and honestly kind of confused me so I chose to keep my focus on how to actually use CSS on the reading we did in class. After that though, it begins to give examples color, border, padding, and margin just like we learned about! I always like to see the similarities between the things I find and things I learned earlier. 

I haven’t quite figured out how to use it yet, but being able to use developer tools to edit CSS live is incredibly interesting to me. I was able to use these tools to edit some things but not the style yet. I like being able to do it live and see results that you can then go and make for your page permanently. 

To me, CSS kind of reminds me of a family tree in the way it cascades from the parent to the child. I feel like you could almost lay it out the same way as a family tree in order to see things clearer. Like in the section of our reading where it is talking about compound CSS this really jumped out at me! 

Next week, when I get to actually finish editing the style of my site I hope to make a few changes. First, I want to change that awful blue color to something more aesthetically pleasing. Then, I want to change the way the links on the side are arranged. I would like to maybe put a border around them just to make them pop a little more! Hopefully next week I will be telling you about all the changes I made and you can see how great my site looks! 
